Clarify meta and tags don't trigger state:modified (#9715)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

- `state:modified.macros`: Changes to upstream macros (whether called directly or indirectly by another macro)
- `state:modified.contract`: Changes to a model's [contract](/reference/resource-configs/contract), which currently include the `name` and `data_type` of `columns`. Removing or changing the type of an existing column is considered a breaking change, and will raise an error.

Remember that `state:modified` includes _all_ of the criteria above, as well as some extra resource-specific criteria, such as modifying a source's `freshness` or `quoting` rules or an exposure's `maturity` property. (View the source code for the full set of checks used when comparing [sources](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L660-L681), [exposures](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L768-L783), and [executable nodes](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L319-L330).)

> `tags` and `meta` are treated as metadata-only fields, not modifications — this applies at both the resource level and the column level. Changing a `tags` or `meta` value (including on individual columns in a YAML file) doesn't trigger `state:modified`, because these fields don't affect how dbt materializes the resource. This differs from `description`, which _does_ count as a modification when `persist_docs` is enabled (see `state:modified.persisted_descriptions` above). Any other config change is treated as a modification, since that config could affect materialization.

Author: ```suggestion
`tags` and `meta` are treated as metadata-only fields, not modifications. This applies at both the resource level and the column level. Changing a `tags` or `meta` value (including on individual columns in a yaml file) doesn't trigger `state:modified`, because these fields don't affect how dbt materializes the resource. 

This is different from `description` (for example), which _does_ count as a modification when `persist_docs` is enabled (refer to `state:modified.persisted_descriptions` above). Any other config change is treated as a modification, since that config could affect materialization.
```

Remember that `state:modified` includes _all_ of the criteria above, as well as some extra resource-specific criteria, such as modifying a source's `freshness` or `quoting` rules or an exposure's `maturity` property. (View the source code for the full set of checks used when comparing [sources](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L660-L681), [exposures](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L768-L783), and [executable nodes](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/9e796671dd55d4781284d36c035d1db19641cd80/core/dbt/contracts/graph/parsed.py#L319-L330).)

`tags` and `meta` are treated as metadata-only fields, not modifications. This applies at both the resource level and the column level. Changing a `tags` or `meta` value (including on individual columns in a yaml file) doesn't trigger `state:modified`, because these fields don't affect how dbt materializes the resource. 

> This is different from `description` (for example), which _does_ count as a modification when `persist_docs` is enabled (refer to `state:modified.persisted_descriptions` above). Any other config change is treated as a modification, since that config could affect materialization.

Author: ```suggestion
This is different from `description` (for example), which _does_ count as a modification when `persist_docs` is enabled. dbt treats any other config change as a modification, since that config could affect materialization.
```
